comic-con international 2013 is coming
up and here's the highlights of the
coolest things to do in see Thursday in
Hall H Entertainment Weekly will feature
a panel of marc webb director of the
amazing spider-man 2 alfonso quran
director of gravity and Edgar Wright
director of the world's end they will
discuss the art of filmmaking in a
wide-ranging discussion about the future
of film later a Q&A session with the
stars and executive producers of the
show time original series Dexter in
other parts of the convention center
there will be batman arkham origins a
panel about the next installment in the
blockbuster video game franchise which
features an expanded Gotham City and a
prequel storyline Teenage Mutant Ninja
Turtles featuring kevin eastman a
special discussion about the TMNT
featuring co-creator kevin eastman where
he discusses the past and future of our
favorite turtle heroes workaholics cast
and crew of the show go behind the
scenes for a sneak peek into next season
marvel superior Spider featuring senior
editor Steve wacker and other Marvel
guests get the inside scoop on
spider-man's new allies new foes and new
look south park the stick of truth Trey
Parker and Matt Stone will discuss their
upcoming southpark video game and those
are the highlights for comic con 2013